[grunting]
JESSIE
Dear little Salamence.
First we're going to catch you
then attack the Twerps
and steal Pikachu,
so don't worry.
Fear? No fear!
None. Fret not.
'Everything is just
as it should be.'
[ALERT]
[screams]
Wait, the idea of
making you fall asleep
and then catching you had
never ever crossed my mind!
What did I just say?
Jessie! Pretend like you
fell asleep!
[screams]
Oh, goodnight.
[CONFUSED]
[CURIOUS]
Alright, you two,
do something, quick!
Any ideas?
Jessie, use the Happy Face!
Stick that sucker on!
Have a nice day.
[SURPRISED]
[DROWSY]
Success!
[DROWSY]/[PAINED]
[ANGRY]
What? Wait. Uh‐oh!
Our Happy Face is on the fritz.
Not only that,
I think it's broken too.
[screaming]
I'm out of here.
[ATTACKING]
[screaming]
[ANGRY]
JAMES
'Meowth!'
Pumpkaboo!
[both groans]
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"The Clumsy Crier
Quiets the Chaos!"
NARRATOR
Continuing their journey
to Coumarine City
our Heroes have stopped
for a little rest
at a nearby
Pokémon Center.
Hello there?
[HURRIED]/[STARTLED]
[all gasps]
[all screaming]
Oh, no,
Wigglytuff!
You okay, after that fall?
[AFFIRMATIVE]/[GRATEFUL]
‐ Hmm.
[SURPRISED]/[EXCITED]
[STARTLED]
Not again!
Are you alright?
[CONCERNED]
Wigglytuff,
you've taken another nasty fall!
[EMBARRASSED]
I wish you'd be more careful.
See, Wigglytuff
just started here.
So this is brand‐new for you.
[APOLOGETIC]
Please don't worry.
You'll get used to it
in no time.
[gasp]
[ambulance siren wailing]
What's happened?
[DISTRESSED]
It's a Linoone
and a Bidoof, too!
‐ What's wrong?
‐ Don't worry.
They'll be alright.
Okay, I'll go ahead
and treat Bidoof.
Wigglytuff, will you
please take care of Linoone?
[DETERMINED]/[SURPRISED]
Oh, no. There's no need
to be in a rush.
[CONTRITE]
Is there any way
I can help out?
Yeah, me too!
[EXERTION]
How is it?
Luckily, you just overdid it
a little bit.
Don't worry,
you'll be fine soon.
[RELIEVED]
I want to help you out!
[eager]
‐ Me too!
‐ Oh, thank you all very much!
Okay. Clemontic Gear, on!
Activating Aipom Arm!
Huh?
Now what did you do
to get hurt, Bidoof?
[CHEERFUL]
Huh?
Uh‐oh.
Again? I could use a little bit
of help, please?
Of course!
What is their condition?
‐ Badly injured.
‐ They need help, stat!
I understand.
You, take that gurney, please!
Right!
If the science Twerp
is here, then..
The Twerp and his Pikachu
must be somewhere close.
I like it when things
work out right.
You'll be just fine!
Clemont, look out!
[screams]
ALARMED]/[EXERTION]
[PANIC]
[PAINED]
CLEMONT
What happened?
Is everybody alright?
[both gasp]
Hang tough, old chum!
Can you hear me?
Just what do you call this?
JAMES
'These are precious patients.'
[CONTRITE]
Oh, forgive us.
Huh? What? Again?
[all panting]
We need to hurry.
It needs treatment right away.
Everyone, your Pokémon
are all ready to go now.
Thank you for waiting.
Your Teddiursa is much better.
Thank you so very much.
[EXCITED]
[PLEASED]
[ALARMED]
[all gasp]
Oh, Wigglytuff.
[CONTRITE]
[AMUSED]
[EMBARRASSED]
Wigglytuff.
CLEMONT
'Pardon me for asking'
'but how did Teddiursa
get injured?'
I'm not sure.
It's a mystery.
Teddiursa was playing.
The same way it does
every day in the yard.
Suddenly, this Salamence came
swooping in out of nowhere.
And it was acting completely
out of control!
Whoa. A Salamence!
[AMAZED]
SERENA
'So it was acting out of control
for no reason?'
Something must've happened.
Tell us more about Salamence's
appearance.
Do you think there was
anything unusual about it?
Appearance? Let's see.
It did seem to be
in some kind of pain.
Now, let's see.
Perhaps it was injured, or sick.
If that's true,
someone needs to find it
and help it
or it'll happen again.
Right.
You can count on me.
[EAGER]/[SAD]
[birds chirping]
[DEPRESSED]
[CONCERNED]
[CONFUSED]
[CHEERFUL]
[DEJECTED]
[UPBEAT]
[DETERMINED]
Our big chance to catch
Pikachu's here.
And we'll grab that Wigglytuff
as a bonus.
It's payback time
for that knock on my noggin.
ASH
'Pikachu! Wigglytuff!'
There you two are.
[SURPRISED]
Wigglytuff, Nurse Joy
is looking for you.
She really cares a lot
about you, you know.
Why don't you go back?
[AFFECTIONATE]
[UNSURE]/[TOUCHED]
I'm going to head back now,
'cause I'm starving.
[EXERTION]]
[AGREEMENT]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Salamence!
[EXERTION]
So they still can't
find Salamence, huh?
No such luck.
Officer Jenny's helping out,
but nothing.
‐ You know?
‐ Huh?
Wigglytuff's convinced
it can't do its job.
It takes everyone time
to get used to a new job.
‐ Yeah, you're right.
‐ But Wigglytuff seems to be
taking its mistakes personally.
[CONCERNED]
Actually, Wigglytuff
should be grateful.
It has so many friends.
I guess you're right.
[EXCITED]
Wow, look at this!
Hey, everyone,
it's about Wigglytuff!
Please, may I take
a look at this?
Sure you can.
Wow! Wigglytuff's so awesome!
[IMPRESSED]
Yeah. That's who the book
is about.
It tells the story of something
that apparently happened
right here.
'Long ago, when there was a mass
outbreak of rampaging Flygon'
a lone Wigglytuff
appeared.
And single‐handedly pacified
their anger.
JOY/BONNIE
Afterward,Wigglytuff healed
every injured Pokémon
in the village.
Wigglytuff's cool!
[EXCITED]
A healer. Awesome!
Right, and that tale
is just one of the reasons
that Wigglytuff came to be
assistants at Pokémon Centers
all through
the Kalos region, see?
Amazing!
[IMPRESSED]
Don't worry, I'm absolutely sure
that our Wigglytuff
will get used to things
and become great at its job.
Me, too! That's for sure!
'Besides, you're here to help!'
NURSE JOY
Thanks very much.
With such a kind heart,
Wigglytuff is sure to succeed.
'Mistakes are always
part of a new job'
'but things will be fine.'
'I'll wait patiently while
doing everything I possibly can'
'to help Wigglytuff learn
at its own pace.'
[TOUCHED]
[all gasp]
[URGENT]
Yes, you're already
trying really hard.
[EMOTIONAL]
[chuckles]
Now..
[TOUCHED]
[chuckles]
All ready to go!
'Clemontic Gear, on!'
This is my Mechanized Motivator!
My device will help you
be motivated to get up and go.
Please allow me to demonstrate.
Bonnie, would you be
my assistant?
Yeah. Okay!
CLEMONT
When you put it on,
it automatically engages.
[all gasp]
MACHINE VOICE
Get up and go!
Get up and go, go, go!
It utilizes a miniature
cheerleader that I've built in.
It's for those who've lost their
confidence to cheer them on.
Huh? What? You don't like it?
Uh, that's enough, Clemont.
Well, I think it's pretty cool.
[EXCITED]
Wigglytuff? Sure.
You're up next.
MACHINE VOICE
Get up and go! Get up and go!
Get up and go! Get up and go,
go, go, go, go!
[PANICKED]
Clemont! Make it stop!
Quickly! You've got to
press the off button!
[CONCERNED]
[explosion]
[DAZED]
‐ Pikachu!
‐ Wigglytuff!
[EXERTION]/[AMUSED]
The get up and go
got up and went.
[all laughing]
[ambulance siren wailing]
Another ambulance?
We happened to be in the area.
We heard an explosion,
so here we are.
Bring us your injured,
right away!
That explosion was
not what you think.
It may have been really loud
but nobody got hurt.
We're professionals
and we'll decide who got hurt.
Just leave it to us.
JESSIE
'Injured party on the scene!
Quick!'
[all gasp]
Hey!
What are you guys
gonna do with them?
[chuckles]
Prepare for trouble,
you know what we'll do.
And make it
a double Pokémon coup.
To protect the world
from devastation.
To unite all people
within our nation.
To denounce the evils
of truth and love.
To extend our reach
to the stars above.
‐ Jessie!
‐ And James!
Team Rocket's on the scene
at the speed of light.
Surrender now or prepare
for a five‐alarm fight.
Meowth, that's right!
ASH
Team Rocket!
JESSIE
Many thanks for healing
Meowth and Pumpkaboo!
JAMES
And to express our evil
gratitude we'll
now grab Pikachu!
There's no chance of that.
Pikachu, Thunderbolt!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[CONFUSED]
Such silly Twerps.
When it comes to Electric‐type
moves, we are prepared!
'So have a nice day,
as if we cared.'
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
'Contact!'
Pikachu!
Wigglytuff!
The Pokémon Center
has an ambulance.
‐ Let's follow them!
‐ Right!
JESSIE
'We did it! We did it!'
Pikachu's finally ours!
We're truly ambulatory!
Yeah! The Boss will love us
for our guts and glory!
Huh!
Look at the blob!
‐ Look, mac! Out of the way!
‐ Today!
[IRRITATED]
JAMES
'Salamence?'
Uh, could it be?
Back in the cave.
When I tried to use..
The Happy Face
Hypnosis Machine?
JAMES
We know what that means!
[ANGRY]
‐ That Salamence!
‐ Defense!
Yeah! Reverse!
[screaming]
[AGGRESSIVE]
[TERRIFIED]/[WORRIED]
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
[screaming]
[TERRIFIED]
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
[screaming]
[SCARED]
[AGGRESSIVE]
ASH
'Pikachu!'
NURSE JOY
'Wigglytuff!'
Are you okay, buddy?
Oh, thank goodness
you're alright!
[ANGRY]
It's a Salamence!
Could that be the one
who attacked Teddiursa?
[ANGRY]
Help us, Twerps!
We're scared out of our wits!
And all because
we gave it a Happy Face!
What's that mean?
We tried to catch Salamence
and failed!
Our Happy Face Hypnosis
Machine's a dud!
Hypnosis machine?
'That must be the thing
that's stuck on its forehead!'
JESSIE
'It's going crazy!'
What a bad thing to do.
We're going to have to
do something to help it
and right away!
Huh!
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
[all screaming]
[AGITATED]
Poor Salamence!
You're in pain!
Don't worry. I'll help you!
Just stay calm!
[DISTRESSED]
‐ Nurse Joy!
‐ It's too dangerous!
Get away!
[AGITATED] / [ATTACKING]
[all gasp]
[ALARMED]
Wigglytuff!
I wish you'd be more careful.
[EMBARRASSED]
It will become great at its job.
[TOUCHED]
[chuckles]
[EXERTION]
Wigglytuff!
ASH/CLEMONT/SERENA/BONNIE
Huh! Wigglytuff!
Nurse Joy!
[DISTRESSED]
Come on!
[DETERMINED]
Wigglytuff!
[DISTRESSED]/[ATTACKING]
[all gasp]
Wigglytuff!
Salamence's moves
aren't doing a thing!
Wow! It's just like
from the book!
That's it! Wigglytuff's
a Fairy‐type, right?
'Dragon‐type moves have
no effect on Fairy‐types!'
'That's why the Wigglytuff
in the book'
'was able to defeat
all those Flygon!'
[DISTRESSED]
[HEAL PULSE MOVE]
[DISTRESSED]/[CALM]
‐ Huh!
‐ That's great!
Wigglytuff's Heal Pulse got
Salamence feeling normal again!
Ha‐ha! Yes!
[WARM]
All better.
[THANKFUL]
I don't see any other injuries.
[PLEASED]
Awesome!
[RELIEVED]
Thanks to Wigglytuff!
[SURPRISED]
Wigglytuff,
you were so awesome!
[HUMBLE]
‐ Well, that's a relief.
‐ That was a close shave.
I thought I was talking toast.
[ANGRY]
[screaming]
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
‐ We're blasting..
‐ Off..
Again!
[TRIUMPHANT]
[all laughs]
Because of all of you
everybody's just fine now.
Thanks!
[PLEASED]
We didn't do anything.
It's all thanks to Wigglytuff!
[IMPRESSED]
Right.
You were really amazing!
[HUMBLE]
Wigglytuff, next time
I'm in a pinch like that
I really hope
you'll help me out again.
I'm depending on you!
[TOUCHED]
‐ Oh! Wigglytuff?
‐ Please don't cry.
[CONCERNED]
[SURPRISED]/[CONFUSED]
[AFFECTIONATE]
[THANKFUL]
[WARM]
NARRATOR
After overcoming its anxiety
Wigglytuff is sure to make a
great assistant for Nurse Joy.
And soon, our Heroes will
again set a course for Coumarie
City
and Ash's next Gym battle,
as the journey continues!
[theme music]